When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local? When I'd like to share my work with others as well as have others contribute to the work. I'm learning also that GitHub can be used to keep a back of the work as well as allow it to be accessed from multiple computers.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository? It seems the most relevant answer is that it gives me control over the changes. This question was a bit tough for me to definitively answer. I took a look at some other answers to get some ideas. The two other pieces that I now understand is if I always pull changes manually then the code will not change without me expecting it. The other that makes sense is that if I know my code is broken I might not want to pull the changes until the bug is fixed. So I guess my first sentence of having control over the changes is applicable.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another? Any new changes to branches are added into the same repository. Forking and cloning can copy an entire repository to a new location as we did with asteroids (cloning) and recipes (forking). Forking is a GitHub feature that only allows you to copy the repository to another GitHub account. Cloning allows you to clone any Git repository to anywhere you’d like. Branching can be used when changes need to be made to a  repository while maintaining an easy to understand route to a previous version. This seems to help when working with others. Cloning can be used like we did when we cloned the asteroids game. We cloned it onto our own machines to work on it and tweak it. Forking seems to work if I want to work on the file publicly and don’t have permission to modify the original.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally? It is easily accessible and will enable me to have the file if I have no internet access.

 
